app-layout: Update documentation (#1125)
steelthreads/agds-next: packages/react/src/app-layout/docs/overview.mdx

- **Heading and subline** - The heading should be set to the website or service title and the subline can be used to provide additional information to describe your website or service.

> - **Account details** - A users name and avatar or entity information should be displayed in the top right corner to clearly show which account they're signed in to. Users can access their account settings by pressing on their account details. Secondary text can also be displayed under the user's name if needed e.g. to show the business name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Account details** - A users name, avatar and organisation information should be displayed in the top right corner to clearly show which account they're signed in to. Users can access their account settings by pressing on their account details. Secondary text can also be displayed under the user's name if needed e.g. to show the business name.
```
